[DOCS-1363] Document new SCIM api behavior when assigning the viewer role (#1257)
wandb/docs: content/guides/hosting/iam/scim.md

- **Endpoint**: **`<host-url>/scim/Users/{id}`**
- **Method**: PATCH

> - **Description**: Assign an organization-level role to a user. The role can be one of `admin` or `member` as described [here]({{< relref "access-management/manage-organization.md#invite-a-user" >}}).

Reviewer: 1. Should we mention that every Organization member is automatically added as a "viewer" to Registries with organization visibility?

Reviewer: @ethanho154 - users should be able to provision Model and Weave seats via SCIM. Can you provide @mdlinville with examples so this can be added to the documentation?

Users who formally would have provisioned an Org Viewer seat now need to provision an Org member seat with Model seat = View only and Weave seat = View only.

Reviewer: if Org seat = Viewer, we will automatically provision View-only model and weave seats if avalible, and no access seats if not.

Author: I believe I have addressed everything except the example to explicitly provision Models and/or Weave seats.

Reviewer 2: We haven't added the ability to explicitly provision Models and Weave seats with SCIM yet since we descoped that for now. This SCIM update was just to deprecate the `viewer` role and align the behavior with what's in the UI.

  {{% alert %}}

>   The `viewer` role is deprecated and can no longer be set in the UI. If you assign the `viewer` role via SCIM, the user is actually assigned the `member` role. The user is automatically provisioned with Models and Weave seats if possible, and with no-access seats otherwise. For organizations that use **Registry**, the user is automatically assigned the `viewer` role in registries that are visible at the organization level.

Reviewer 2: Sorry a change in the behavior I forgot to update about, we'll return a seat limit reached error instead of just assigning them to no access now.

Author: Is this accurate? https://github.com/wandb/docs/pull/1257/files#r2052965465

Reviewer 2: Could you remove the part about assigning a no-access seat? The operation will just return the error. Thanks!

>   The `viewer` role is deprecated and can no longer be set in the UI. If you assign the `viewer` role via SCIM, the user is actually assigned the `member` role. The user is automatically provisioned with Models and Weave seats if possible, and with no-access seats otherwise. For organizations that use **Registry**, the user is automatically assigned the `viewer` role in registries that are visible at the organization level.

Author: ```suggestion
  The `viewer` role is deprecated and can no longer be set in the UI. If you assign the `viewer` role via SCIM, the user is actually assigned the `member` role. The user is automatically provisioned with Models and Weave seats if possible. Otherwise, a `Seat limit reached` error is logged. For organizations that use **Registry**, the user is automatically assigned the `viewer` role in registries that are visible at the organization level.
```

>   The `viewer` role is deprecated and can no longer be set in the UI. If you assign the `viewer` role via SCIM, the user is actually assigned the `member` role. The user is automatically provisioned with Models and Weave seats if possible. Otherwise, a `Seat limit reached` error is logged. For organizations that use **Registry**, the user is automatically assigned the `viewer` role in registries that are visible at the organization level.

Reviewer 3: Let's try to avoid using latin words. 

```suggestion
  The `viewer` role is deprecated and can no longer be set in the UI. W&B assigns the `member` role to a user if you attempt to assign the `viewer` role using SCIM. The user is automatically provisioned with Models and Weave seats if possible. Otherwise, a `Seat limit reached` error is logged. For organizations that use **Registry**, the user is automatically assigned the `viewer` role in registries that are visible at the organization level.
```
